Do a write up for the followings:? 
1. Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
Ans- As opposed to HTTP/1.1, which keeps all requests and responses in plain text format, HTTP/2
 uses the binary framing layer to encapsulate all messages in binary format, while still maintaining HTTP semantics, such as verbs, methods, and headers


2. http version history 
Ans-In 1989, while he was working at CERN, Tim Berners-Lee wrote a proposal to build a hypertext system over the Internet. Initially calling it the Mesh
 it was later renamed to World Wide Web during its implementation in 1990. Built over the existing TCP and IP protocols, it consisted of 4 building blocks:

A textual format to represent hypertext documents, the HyperText Markup Language (HTML).
A simple protocol to exchange these documents, the HypertText Transfer Protocol (HTTP).
A client to display (and accidentally edit) these documents, the first Web browser called WorldWideWeb.
A server to give access to the document, an early version of httpd.
These four building blocks were completed by the end of 1990, and the first servers were already running outside of CERN by early 1991. On August 6th 1991,
 Tim Berners-Lee's post on the public alt.hypertext newsgroup is now considered as the official start of the World Wide Web as a public project.

The HTTP protocol used in those early phases was very simple, later dubbed HTTP/0.9, and sometimes as the one-line protocol.

3. List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) vs Nodejs 
Ans-    
1.      Javascript is a programming language that is used for writing scripts on the website.
	NodeJS is a Javascript runtime environment.
2.	Javascript can only be run in the browsers.
	NodeJS code can be run outside the browser.
3.	It is basically used on the client-side.
	It is mostly used on the server-side.
4.	Javascript is capable enough to add HTML and play with the DOM.	
        Nodejs does not have capability to add HTML tags.
5.	Javascript can run in any browser engine as like JS core in safari and Spidermonkey in Firefox.
	Nodejs can only run in V8 engine of google chrome.

4. what happens when you type a URL in the address bar in the browser?
Ans- URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator. URL is the address of the website which you can find in the address bar of your web browser. It is a reference to a resource on the internet, be it images, hypertext pages, audio/video files, etc.

Example :

https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/ 
What is DNS :
DNS is short for Domain Name System. Like a phonebook, DNS maintains and maps the name of the website, i.e. URL, and particular IP address it links to. Every URL on the internet has a unique IP address which is of the computer which hosts the server of the website requested.

Steps for what happens when we enter a URL :

1-Browser checks cache for DNS entry to find the corresponding IP address of website.
It looks for following cache. If not found in one, then continues checking to the next until found.
-Browser Cache
-Operating Systems Cache
-Router Cache
-ISP Cache
2-If not found in cache, ISP’s (Internet Service Provider) DNS server initiates a DNS query to find IP address of server that hosts the domain name.
  The requests are sent using small data packets that contain information content of request and IP address it is destined for.
3-Browser initiates a TCP (Transfer Control Protocol) connection with the server using synchronize(SYN) and acknowledge(ACK) messages.
4-Browser sends an HTTP request to the web server. GET or POST request.
5-Server on the host computer handles that request and sends back a response. It assembles a response in some format like JSON, XML and HTML.
6-Server sends out an HTTP response along with the status of response.
7-Browser displays HTML content
8-Finally, Done.